# Jaeger Resto - Visual'r assessment test.

This is my result of the assesment test proposed by Visual's to test the knowledge in React and related technologies.

## [Demo](https://visualr-assessment-test.vercel.app)

## Before we start

Most of the data you're seeing is from the app itself. The menu, the dishes, the orders, the customers, etc. I'll cite the exceptions when they appear. This project took a lot of time and effort to be made, so I hope you enjoy it.

### The homepage

- Contains menu and dishes generated by the app itself.
- You can create an order by adding dishes to it.
- You can pay for the order with credit-card, paypal or cash. Only credit-card has actual processing, the other are just placeholders. You can use the following to simulate a successful payment:
  - Card number: 4242 4242 4242 4242
  - Expiration date: 04/24
  - CVC: 242
  - ZIP: 42424
- The discount is hardcoded to 0.

### The dashboard

- Contains the orders generated on the homepage with the name of the customer (is anonymous if he didnt pay with credit card), the dishes ordered and the total price.
- The statistics are a comparison between orders made yesterday and today, so if you want to see the statistics, you might need to wait a day lol.
- You can see the most ordered dishes.
- The filter buttons don't work, they are just placeholders.

### The settings

- The only functional page here is the products management, which we will cover below.

### The products management

- Its on /settings/products-management.
- You can add, edit and delete products.
- In the creation of a product, you can:
  - Add a name, price, image.
  - The menu in which you clicked the "Ad new dish" button is the one where the dish will be added.
- You can create a new menu by clicking the "Manage categories button" button.
- In the menu management drawer, you can:
  - Add, edit menu name and its index (the order in which it will appear) and delete menus.

## Env Keys

```bash

host=vat-api.stellarwind.com.br
protocol=https
NEXT_PUBLIC_cmsUrl=https://vat-api.stellarwind.com.br
NEXT_PUBLIC_strapiKey=65861a9885cdcde9a8c3de6adfb443f5fc2be9524cc96e24697c5fe78dba45dbf3186fb2f221021c434d5d1bc4a6755304add83e5d96066db590aba6afaa37773f20d7e0f01e1609ed15d46bea1bb0f2c8f2c212ab2bb76d3e1ba5cec10b4dcab5084b8d4b4fd5ef1958baf56d5af588089feab6f3e3730a5fe27dbcecd78831
NEXT_PUBLIC_stripeSk=yourStripeSkKey

```

## The Challenge

> For this assessment test, you'll build a restaurant POS interface
> following the Figma design provided.

## The Project

O projeto consiste em uma aplicação web que permite a visualização de meta-humanos e suas
características, um sistema de busca por nome/raça e sistema básico de duelo entre os
personagens. As tecnologias utilizadas foram NextJS 13, TailwindCSS, Material UI, e Redux.

## Requirements

> - Use React/Next.js with Tailwind or similar libraries to develop the app;
> - Could use Adobe PWA to build the app (optional);

## Running the project

To run the project, the NodeJS version must be 18.17 or higher, and the npm version must be 6.0 or higher. First we install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

After that, we run the project in development:

```bash
npm run dev
```
